This is a "challenge-attempt" to script Riddle of Steel/Song of Sword's tactical combat system **entirely*** in INK script language format. Thus, it's an attempt to create the world's first highly (possibly most) simulative/complex tactical melee combat simulator within the text-based adventure scripting engine itself. As such, it can be considered a "non-traditional" use of INK.

\* Everything is written as in INK script format except for AI bots which rely on external functions to execute their combat actions. Due to the limitations of INK scripts, a typical ink script has to be re-compiled with newly set (hardcoded) variables in order to simulate different kinds of bout setups.

https://github.com/inkle/ink
As of now, INK doesn't have data structures, arrays, and such. So, one has to come up with other ways/workarounds outside of the regular typical dynamic OO, data composition, etc. style of programmming found in other languages.

Riddle of Steel/Song of Swords, and various other spinoff games like Blade of the Iron Throne, etc. are a category of tabletop RPGs with highly detailed realistic medieval combat combat: involving actual historical swordfighting/combat manuevers, locational damage, wounds/blood-lost, etc. running on top of a narrative (traditionally gamemastered) experience among groups of live players.

TROSInk, will attempt to create a similar experience (albeit more inline with a 'gamebook'), while trying to work around with the limitations of the INK format/engine by using "fixed" generated TROS ink files for each bout encounter between different factions. Hopefully, people can extend the codebase to allow injecting their own handwritten/procedurally-generated/picked "flowery" descriptions into each bout. The planned format involves being allowed to set up your at least 2 sides to battle against each other, and let it run within an INK player implemntation (Unity3D/Javascript/EdgeJS/etc.) via the dynamically generated TROS ink script (ie. the script file that is generated to handle a fixed set of combatants for each encounter). 

Unlike other games that often do combat sequences outside of the text-based adventure itself (eg. Lone Wolf or Sorcery https://itunes.apple.com/sg/app/sorcery!/id627879091?mt=8) using a seperate codebase for the combat section, this is an attempt to do it in "reverse", the combat works completely under the text-based adventure engine itself.
